CycloMedia Technology B.V. (‘CycloMedia’) is registered in the Trade Register
of the Chamber of Commerce under number 16063843.

USER TERMS AND CONDITIONS STREET SMART
The usage of Image Material and/or the Information Products and the Software 
as a Service Services (‘SaaS Services’) made available via Street Smart by 
means of an agreement with the organization for which you work, be it as an
employee or on assignment basis, is only permitted under the following terms
and conditions.

Definitions
Image Material Cycloramas, Aquaramas, Aerials, Aerial photographs and/or 3D
images or other static and/or moving images.

Information Products
Any data generated from Image Material and/or generated from other other 
datasets or object information and/or change detection data in any form, 
including but not limited to BAG Smart, 3D data and data with regard to 
traffic signs, road markings and light poles.

User
The duly authorized user of products and/or services under the Agreement, who
is employed by the Customer or has been authorized by the Customer within the 
Customer’s organization on any other basis.

Agreement
The agreement between or on behalf of CycloMedia and the organisation of the 
User (‘Customer’) which sets out their mutual rights and obligations relating 
to the software to be provided or the Services and/or Products to be 
delivered by CycloMedia to the Customer.

Software
The computer software to be provided by CycloMedia to the Customer, including
scripts and data sets, including but not limited to standard data layers, as 
well as Documentation.

System
Computer and related equipment used by or on behalf of CycloMedia for access 
to the SaaS Services, services, products and/or use of the Software.

1.	The User shall (a) keep the access code(s) provided secret, (b) immediately 
	inform CycloMedia if the User no longer possesses the access code(s) and (c)
	not transfer to third parties, or allow third persons to use, its access 
	code(s), the documentation or manual or other rights arising under the 
	Agreement, unless CycloMedia has expressly granted written permission for 
	it. The User is at all times responsible for the use of any access code.

2.	The User shall notify CycloMedia in writing as soon as possible of any 
	changes in relevant personal details concerning the User.

3.	The User is not permitted to use the Image Material and/or the Information
	Products for other than the purposes for which it has been provided by means
	of the Agreement.

4.	Without CycloMedia’s prior permission in writing, the User is not permitted 
	to:
	4.1	make the Image Material and/or the Information Products available to 
		third parties;
	4.2	change or remove references to CycloMedia in the Image Material and/or 
		the Information Products;
	4.3	disclose the Image Material and/or the Information Products to the 
		public (including all conceivable Internet applications);
	4.4	lease out, sublicense, sell, dispose of, pledge or transfer by way of 
		security the Image Material and/or the Information Products or to allow 
		third parties for any reason to use it for any purpose;
	4.5	trace metadata from the Image Material in so far as these metadata are 
		not necessary for the intended use of the Image Material. 

5.	The processing of the Image Material by the User may involve processing of 
	personal data, e.g. recognizable faces and number plates, within the 
	meaning	of the General Data Protection Regulation (‘GDPR’). The User shall
	act in compliance with the GDPR and any other statutory rules, codes of 
	conduct, privacy regulations and conditions.

6.	The User shall inform CycloMedia immediately of all relevant facts and 
	circumstances as soon as the former discovers any unauthorized use of 
	the Image Material.

7.	The right of use is granted for usage on a maximum of 3 different user
	devices per concurrent user, unless agreed otherwise in writing. 

8.	The User shall meet the technical or other prescriptions, conditions and 
	proce¬du¬res which are provided by or on behalf of CycloMedia.

9.	The User shall refrain from obstructing CycloMedia, other customers of 
	CycloMedia and other Internet users from using the System and/or from 
	damaging the System. The User is not permitted to start processes or 
	programs – whether or not through the System – of which the User knows
	or can reasonably suspect that it may obstruct CycloMedia, other customers 
	of CycloMedia and other Internet users or cause damage.

10.	The User is not permitted to use the System for any acts that are contrary
	to applicable statutory provisions, self-regulation, general guidelines 
	and codes of conduct on the use of the Internet (e.g. Netiquette), the 
	Agreement or these user terms and conditions. 

11.	CycloMedia is entitled to include the personal data concerning the User
	in CycloMedia’s registration of persons, which is required for its 
	accounting and management tasks, and shall comply with the provisions 
	in the GDPR in processing these personal data.

COOKIES GOOGLE ANALYTICS
The Street Smart website uses Google cookies as part of the "Analytics" service.
We use these cookies to analyze the use of Street Smart and align the 
development of Street Smart with the Users’ needs. For this purpose, we for
instance analyze from which country our service is consulted and which browser
is used. More information about the Cookie Policy is available on the 
CycloMedia website.

By clicking Accept you agree to these user terms and conditions Street Smart 			
© Copyright 2019 CycloMedia Technology B.V.